Hello, in this module I'm going to talk
about staffing, getting people into jobs.
So clearly managing people is hugely
complex, there is a lot that goes into it,
certainly enough to keep.
Human resource managers,
millions of human resource manages busy
and thousands of academic studying them.
That said,
I think that really the most fundamental
part of managing people is staffing.
Cuz ultimately, if you get that right,
if you get the right people into the jobs,
then you're gonna have to spend a lot
less time worrying about many of the other
things like performance management.
Arguably if you don't do any staffing at
all, also your people problems are simpler
but that's probably not the right route
for most organizations to go down.
In terms of what we
talk about in staffing,
I wanna talk about three
different aspects.
So the first is hiring, making sure
we have the right people in the job.
Then when you got them in the organization
you also want to think about are they in
the right job and how do we move people
up in through different jobs overtime.
And then the final piece can be
opposite of hiring is attrition.
One of the things in staffing we care
a lot about is how do we make sure
that people stay in their jobs and
we're not having to move them.
So particularly, I think, as organizations
start doing people analytics
some of the first things they end up
looking at are the staffing questions.
Particularly, are we
hiring the right people?
And whose leaving and
how do we stop that from happening?
What I want to do around these
topics within this module is really
three things, okay.
So first I want to talk about some basic
facts around the staffing processes,
so, how does hiring work, what do we
know tends to be better with hiring?
Then I really want to delve into,
what's the value of doing
analytics within an organization?
How can we add to this by actually
starting to look at the facts and
figures about what we're
doing in our own company?
And then I want to move a little bit
deeper and say, what are some of
the techniques that people can use,
kind of what works, what's best practice?
And so that's the general outcome.